Update COMPILING.md (#57337)
CleverRaven/Cataclysm-DDA: doc/COMPILING/COMPILING.md

The building instructions below always assume you are running them from the Cataclysm:DDA source directory.

> #Gentoo

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Gentoo
```

> If you want sound and graphics, make sure:
> USE="flac fluidsynth mad midi mod modplug mp3 playtools vorbis wav png" emerge -1va emerge media-libs/libsdl2 media-libs/sdl2-gfx media-libs/sdl2-image media-libs/sdl2-mixer media-libs/sdl2-ttf
> You can possibly get away with smaller dependancies, but this is bare minimal needed AFAICJ
> Once libs above are installed:
> go into git clone directory
> make -j32 TILES=1 SOUND=1 RELEASE=1
> change "-j32" to ammount of CPU cores you have.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want sound and graphics, make sure to emerge with the following:

`USE="flac fluidsynth mad midi mod modplug mp3 playtools vorbis wav png" emerge -1va emerge media-libs/libsdl2 media-libs/sdl2-gfx media-libs/sdl2-image media-libs/sdl2-mixer media-libs/sdl2-ttf`

It may also be possible to get away with fewer dependencies, but this set has been tested and works.

Once the above libraries are installed, compile with:

`make -j$(nproc) TILES=1 SOUND=1 RELEASE=1`
```
